Update Getting started guide with the link to Index (#4439)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/getting_started.rst

You can start using the downloader cog by loading it: ``[p]load downloader``

You can find cogs by searching on `<https://index.discord.red>`_. Find whatever you want,
there are hundreds of cogs available!

> .. note:: We're currently working on a better website for listing repositories and their cogs. Stay tuned!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: An even better way to discover new cogs and repositories is in the works! Stay tuned!
```
I know that it wasn't the intention but the previous message seemed to imply that the current one is bad :')

Author: Thanks, I had troubles wording that one :)
